Added metrics options for running from Docker image (#687)
PegaSysEng/pantheon: docs/Getting-Started/Run-Docker-Image.md

### Exposing Ports

> Expose ports for P2P peer discovery, metrics, JSON-RPC, and WebSockets. This is required to use the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expose ports for P2P peer discovery, metrics, HTTP and WebSocket JSON-RPC. This is required to use the 
```

Author: Done
